Nathaniel bandi striving for originality
drive right desert this is one of the
most interesting desert levels for a
variety of reasons I don't really know
what it is about this track design but
it all feels really well-thought-out
the course starts with several wavy
turns there are po keys right in the
middle of the course that have to be
avoided at all costs as you get through
the labs some pillars fall into the sand
which can be used to do tricks after
that you'll find a huge quicksand pit
that you have to drive around to avoid
if you have a mushroom you can zoom
through some of it but you have to be
careful as you could get soaked into the
middle very easily the end of the course
features a beautiful Oasis with lots of
elements underwater you can perform
tricks with rushing water and off of
mini Hills there's a lot going on in
this track and there's a lot of
different types of strategies to learn
it's really cool how the sand gets stuck
to your tires and your tracks get left
behind in the sand there's so many nice
small details filth and dry dry desert
the same looks so great the Oasis is
filled with grass
there's ancient markings at all the
pillars all sorts of good stuff the
music sounds very stereotypical but it
works with this track it's like a
combination of ancient and modern
sounding at the same time donut plains 3
while this course has nothing to do with
donuts donuts 3 is not too bad at first
glance this track looks pretty standard
but it actually isn't there's a very
swampy field going on the water you step
in almost seems to be murky when it
really isn't the track layout is flat
but there's tons of challenging turns to
endure donut plains 3 is definitely
harder than it looks you'll have trouble
staying on the track around the end
Monty moles will be digging around and
you can use their leftover dirt paths to
get speed boosts you'll also find areas
filled with puddles of water expect it
to be a bit slippery the music has left
me with little to desire
I'm sure it's distorted for those that
plays the original version but I don't
find it that exciting personally the
walls are the same colors in shape from
this nest version it looks really tacky
but is a nice throwback from the
original Royal Raceway everything about
this track is indeed royal well the
theme is simple the main goal is to
support all the female characters in the
game by showing off Peach's castle and
some of the land surrounding it it looks
really great there's lots of interesting
tails hot-air balloons of all the
princesses are everywhere petals can be
found fly through the air and on the
ground all the plants are expertly
carved etc you can actually run into the
hot-air balloons and try to not tow it
off but I wouldn't recommend doing that
the actual design of the course is
pretty simple but still a fun time some
may find the layout kind of boring
though there's not too much variety in
terms of the gameplay the end has a huge
gliding section which is cool but that's
about it in terms of the layout the
music is really nostalgic for me so I
love it it makes you really excited and
ready to move forward with the race
about halfway through there's a ramp
where you can take a quick shortcut it
does require a mushroom though there's a
lot of grassy areas and not so much road
so avoiding the grass can be tricky if
there's a lot going on at once this also
leads the plenty of opportunities to use
a mushroom across the grass that catch
up a little bit the detail and peaches
castle itself is beyond incredible I
almost wish I could just ride past the
gate and explore it for fun
DK jungle DK jungle has us driving
through a thick and luscious jungle as
well as an ancient Aztec looking
building the two main themes are really
fresh and fun to be in you start up in
the jungle and we'll see lots of Tiki
heads DK barrels and tons of trees
there's a part where you bounce off a
huge flower which is really neat the
flower is interesting because to perform
a trick on it you have to time your
trick just right it's not as easy to do
for some reason from there you'll move
closer to the Aztec building and there's
a really cool shortcut you can take that
allows you to glide over some of the
track the Aztec building is short but
sweet
there's a huge spinning banana inside
and you'll leave by gliding back into
the jungle while gliding at the end
there are huge building sized Tiki heads
that blow smoke and Shake when you pass
the end has two paths the split into one
of them makes you take a leap of faith
to get to it the first few times there's
a serious adrenaline rush because of the
gap in the road it's really fun to go
across while taking a drift the track
itself isn't too challenging and there's
lots of places to trick out its overall
really fun because of all the different
elements going on the music is a really
fast and exciting remix of Donkey Kong
Country themed I love it from this cup
rail Raceway is my personal favorite
track what's your favourite track in the
banana Cup for Mario Kart 8 let me know
below in the comments like if you liked
dislike if you want a falcon punch be
right after watching this make sure to
follow my facebook twitter twitter and
tumblr to keep up-to-date with upcoming
videos and projects thanks for watching
have a great day
you